complete interactions/buttons.mdx page (#60)
DisnakeDev/guide: guide/docs/interactions/buttons.mdx

        self.stop()

...
...
# The slash command that will respond with a message and the View.
@bot.slash_command()
async def buttons_View(inter: disnake.ApplicationCommandInteraction):
    await inter.response.send_message("Need help?", view=ButtonView())
```

## Handling View timeout and stopping Views

One of the key advantages of using a <DocsLink reference="disnake.ui.View">View</DocsLink> is the streamlined management
of your components' state and the convenient setting up and handling of timeouts.

By default, when a View has timed out, the buttons remain attached to the message and appear to be interactable, however, if a user attempts to
interact with one of thse buttons, an error is displayed. This is also applies `View`s that have been explicitly stopped. To avoid this poor
user experience, we can customize what happens when a `View` has timed out by altering the <DocsLink reference="disnake.ui.View.on_timeout">on_timeout</DocsLink>
method and then updating our button callbacks to manage the state of components when the `View` is to be stopped.

Below is an example of handling this type of implementation.

```python title="timeout.py"

> # At top of file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

import disnake
from disnake.ext import commands

> class TimeoutButtonView(disnake.ui.View):

Reviewer: There are too many comments here, imho. Explanations are great (that's the point of this guide, after all :p ), but it might be difficult to keep track of what's happening, when every other line has an entire paragraph of text before it; I hope that makes sense.

Author: Yep.  I'd rather have too much info then trim it back, so this is good for me.  :D

Reviewer: Fair enough.
The comments in the `yes` and `no` methods here are completely identical, so those should at least be trimmed a bit, explaining it once should be enough.

Author: Reworded the comments to make it just a tad shorter, and removed duplicate

        await inter.response.send_message("Got it. Signing off!")

        # Update the View by disabling the buttons, then editing the original message
        # the View was attached to, not the response message sent above.
        # You could also do this as part of the interaction.response by using
        # `inter.response.edit_message` which would handle the required response
        # and editing of the original message.
        self.disable_children()
        await inter.message.edit(view=self)
        # We still want to explicitly stop the View after a user has interacted
        # to ensure it's no longer usable.
        self.stop()

...
...
# The slash command that will respond with a message and the View.
@bot.slash_command()
async def buttons(inter: disnake.ApplicationCommandInteraction):

    # Here we need to construct the TimeoutButtonView so that it can be sent with
    # the slash command response message. Since we do not have the message object yet,
    # we assign it after the response has been sent.
    view = TimeoutButtonView(timeout=120)
    await inter.response.send_message("Need help?", view=view)

>     # Because this type of interaction response does not return a message, we will need
>     # to fetch the message and assign it to `View.message` to be used if `on_timeout` is called.
>     View.message = await inter.original_response()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Because interaction responses do not return a message, we will need
    # to fetch the message and assign it to `View.message` to be used if `on_timeout` is called.
    view.message = await inter.original_response()
```

functionality even when the bot restarts. Listeners are stored in the bot only once and are shared across all components. As a result, this
approach generally has a smaller memory footprint compared to an equivalent View.

The example below demonstrates a similar user experience to the above example, however, it will be implmented using low-level components
and will not timeout nor be stopped. As a result, the button components will not be disabled after use.

```python title="buttons.py"
# At the top of the file.
import disnake
from disnake.ext import commands

# The slash command that responds with a message.
@bot.slash_command()
async def buttons(inter: disnake.ApplicationCommandInteraction):
    await inter.response.send_message(
        "Need help?",
        components=[
            disnake.ui.Button(label="Yes", style=disnake.ButtonStyle.success, custom_id="yes"),
            disnake.ui.Button(label="No", style=disnake.ButtonStyle.danger, custom_id="no"),
        ],
    )

# Create the listener that will handle the button interactions, similarly to the callbacks used above.
@bot.listen("on_button_click")
async def help_listener(inter: disnake.MessageInteraction):

>     if inter.component.custom_id not in ["yes", "no"]:
>         # We filter out any other button presses except
>         # the components we wish to process.
>         return
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This isn't needed here, as far as I can tell

    if inter.component.custom_id == "yes":
        await inter.response.send_message("Contact us at https://discord.gg/disnake!")
    elif inter.component.custom_id == "no":
        await inter.response.send_message("Got it. Signing off!")
```

## More Examples

Use the links below to View more button examples using Views and low-level implementations in the repo:  

> [View examples](https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/tree/master/examples/Views/button)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[View examples](https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/tree/master/examples/views/button)  
```
